[ddsql] update documentation (#24481)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/ddsql_editor/reference/data_types.md

| SQL name   | Aliases                  | Description |
|------------|--------------------------|-------------|
| integer    | int                      | Storage is always int64. |
| text       | char, varchar, string    | Storage is always unlimited-length UTF-8. |
| real       | double, decimal          | Storage is always IEEE-754 float64. |
| timestamp  | timestamp without time zone | SQL standard datetime type. |
| date       |                          | Timestamp with resolution on a day level. |
| interval   |                          | Duration of time. |
| group      | hstore, tag_column       | Sorted set of strings with tag-like "= is contains" semantics. |
| boolean    |                          | `TRUE` or `FALSE` |
| json       |                          | JSON data |

### Arrays

> Arrays are ordered collections of a specific base type. Each base type can have a corresponding array type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrays are an ordered collection of a specific base type. Each base type can have a corresponding array type.
```
